any balance and flexibility that is
rarely seen we don't recommend trying
any of this at home and one footnote and
an important one
the cheetah suit so far out she is
excited what is it that you can do I can
put my leg behind my back that's it
that doesn't hurt at all man you can
talk with her all right
she's flexible what's in it and now you
do something very special don't you
huh yeah well I have dependence to be
flexible and I like to show you please
do one and we'll find out why you're
called the pretzel girl Shirley is the
tendency to really dance
Oh mister go play every day good now now
you actually have another still you can
play the piano right okay and you can
fight the channel while you're in that
pretzel is it here okay uh that's but
but you might need a little help maybe
mr. dill I I hope you don't mind but
could you cross it across her up a
little
oh listen mate okay oh dude now you do
original composition brightness Liebling
yeah I completely to the piano and okay
really okay little father no father
maybe mr. Gill if you could lift her up
a little more there we go okay now and
what are we going to be hearing now
something about Club Mariposa bearable
to clarify you said okay but well
which is great miss Wheatley and Thank
You mr. go Hut we're gonna be back with
a lot more so don't go away